Added jenkins webhook trigger (#307)
port-labs/port-docs: docs/create-self-service-experiences/setup-backend/jenkins-pipeline/jenkins-pipeline.md

To set up a token for you job, scroll down to the **Token** section, and provide a job token:

![Configure Token](../../../../static/img/self-service-actions/setup-backend/jenkins-pipeline/configure-token.png)

After saving, you will be able to specifically trigger this job job, using the following URL:

```text showLineNumbers
http://JENKINS_URL/jenkins/generic-webhook-trigger/invoke?token=<JOB_TOKEN>
```

:::tip
For advanced configuration of your Jenkins webhook trigger, check out the [Generic webhook trigger](https://plugins.jenkins.io/generic-webhook-trigger/) plugin page!
:::

### Setting up the Port action

And now you are ready to trigger your pipeline using Port. All that is left is to create a Port [Webhook Action](../webhook/).
Here is an example for an action which will trigger the webhook we just set up:

```json showLineNumbers
[
  {
    "identifier": "runPipeline",
    "title": "Run Pipeline",
    "icon": "Jenkins",
    "userInputs": {
      "properties": {
        "input1": {
          "type": "string"
        }
      }
    },
    "invocationMethod": {

>       "type": "WEBHOOK",

Reviewer: Add a highlight here

      "url": "http://JENKINS_URL/jenkins/generic-webhook-trigger/invoke?token=<JOB_TOKEN>"
    },
    "trigger": "CREATE",
    "description": "Run Jenkins pipeline"
  }
]
```

### Securing your webhook

> For setting up security for you webhook triggered pipeline, [enable whitelisting](https://plugins.jenkins.io/generic-webhook-trigger/#plugin-content-whitelist-hosts) for your Jenkins plugin, and configure the whitelisting using [this guide](../webhook/signature-verification.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to add a protection layer to your exposed pipelines by [configuring whitelisting](https://plugins.jenkins.io/generic-webhook-trigger/#plugin-content-whitelist-hosts). 

Whitelisting gives you the following security options:

- Limit the list of IP addresses that can send a request that triggers the pipeline;
- Add [validation](../webhook/signature-verification.md) for the webhook payload content to verify that it really originated from Port.
```

Here is an example of the required configuration:

![Webhook Validation](../../../../static/img/self-service-actions/setup-backend/jenkins-pipeline/validate-webhook.png)

:::note

- The IP field should be set to `3.251.12.205`, which is our hosted outbound WEBHOOK Gateway.
- In the **HMAC Secret** field, choose a secret containing your `port-client-secret`.

> If this secret doesn't already exist, create a `secret text` type secret using [this guide](https://www.jenkins.io/doc/book/using/using-credentials/). The value of the secret should be your `Port Client Secret` as can be found [here](https://docs.getport.io/build-your-software-catalog/sync-data-to-catalog/api/#find-your-port-credentials).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If this secret doesn't already exist, create a `secret text` type secret using [this guide](https://www.jenkins.io/doc/book/using/using-credentials/). The value of the secret should be your `Port Client Secret` which can be found by following the guide [here](https://docs.getport.io/build-your-software-catalog/sync-data-to-catalog/api/#find-your-port-credentials).
```
